1. Design and develop Spring boot application to add, delete, list student records using JPA and MySQL. 




2. Design and develop PHP application where employee records could be added and employee list could be listed on web page.




3. Design following responsive layout using html.
Use <header>, <footer>, <div> and appropriate tags




                                             This section should change colour after 
                                             clicking on following buttons












4. Develop a responsive web application using PHP/Spring boot and MySQL for restaurant food order management. Make assumption wherever required


5. Develop a currency converter application using ReactJS that allows users to input an amount dollar and convert it to rupees. In this problem, you can use a hard-coded exchange rate. Take advantage of React state and event handlers to manage the input and conversion calculations.



6. Develop a currency converter application using PHP that allows users to input an amount dollar and convert it to rupees. This problem, you can use a hard-coded exchange rate. 






7. Design and develop a chessboard. The board should be alternating colours and an eight-by-eight grid. Use <header>, <footer>, <body>, <div>, <table> and other tags. Chessboard must be responsive in nature.



8. Write React application for registering complaint for students in college. Use React, NodeJS and MySQL/MongoDB for frontend and backend.
    a) create login page for student
    b) create complaint page
    c) create login page for admin
    d) list all complaints on admin login



9. Create web page for calculator using HTML, JavaScript and CSS. It should have basic functions like +, -, *, / and %. Use appropriate tags like <table>, <div>, <header>, <section>, <footer>
10. Write a PHP script to: -
a) transform a string all uppercase letters.
b) transform a string all lowercase letters.
c) make a string's first character uppercase.
d) make a string's first character of all the words uppercase.




11. Write web application for registering complaint for students in college. Use PHP and MySQL for frontend and backend.
    a) create login page for student
    b) create complaint page
    c) create login page for admin
    d) list all complaints on admin login






12. Design and develop PHP application to add, delete, list student records use CSS for styling and JavaScript for validating form.




13. Demonstrate jQuery for coping contents from one list control to another list. Also demonstrate how to create new element in HTML page using jQuery.





14. Design and develop a responsive website to calculate Electricity bill using Node JS Condition for first 50 units – Rs. 3.50/unit, for next 100 units – Rs. 4.00/unit, for next 100 units – Rs. 5.20/unit and for units above 250 – Rs. 6.50/unit. You can make the use of bootstrap as well as jQuery. 

15. Design and develop a responsive website to calculate Electricity bill using Spring boot. Condition for first 50 units – Rs. 3.50/unit, for next 100 units – Rs. 4.00/unit, for next 100 units – Rs. 5.20/unit and for units above 250 – Rs. 6.50/unit. You can make the use of bootstrap as well as jQuery. 







16. Design and develop a responsive web page for your CV using multiple column layouts having video background. You can make the use of bootstrap as well as jQuery. 








17. Design and develop a website using toggleable or dynamic tabs or pills with bootstrap and jQuery to show the relevance of SDP, EDI, DT and Course projects in VIT. 









18. Design and develop a website to demonstrate (a) searching and sorting array for integer elements using JavaScript (b) array for named entities using JavaScript. You can make the use of bootstrap as well as jQuery. 








19. Design and develop a responsive website to calculate Electricity bill using Spring boot/React Condition for first 50 units – Rs. 3.50/unit, for next 100 units – Rs. 4.00/unit, for next 100 units – Rs. 5.20/unit and for units above 250 – Rs. 6.50/unit. You can make the use of bootstrap as well as jQuery. 


20. Design and develop a responsive website to calculate Electricity bill using PHP. Condition for first 50 units – Rs. 3.50/unit, for next 100 units – Rs. 4.00/unit, for next 100 units – Rs. 5.20/unit and for units above 250 – Rs. 6.50/unit. You can make the use of bootstrap as well as jQuery. 









21. Design and develop a responsive website to prepare one semester result of VIT students using REACT Spring boot and MySQL. Take any four subjects with MSE Marks (30%) ESE Marks (70%). 







22. Design and develop a responsive website to prepare one semester result of VIT students using PHP and MySQL. Take any four subjects with MSE Marks (30%) ESE Marks (70%). 





23. Design and develop a responsive website to prepare one semester result of VIT students using JavaScript, React and Node JS and MySQL. Take any four subjects with MSE Marks (30%) ESE Marks (70%).





24. Design and develop a responsive website for an online book store using Spring boot and MySQL having 1) Home Page2) Login Page 3) Catalogue Page: 4) Registration Page: (database) 
25.Design and develop a responsive website for an online book store using REACT, Node JS and MySQL/ MongoDB having 1) Home Page2) Login Page 3) Catalogue Page: 4) Registration Page: (database)



26. Design PHP login module with user registration form, login form. System should use cookies to track user. Use session handling and database MySQL for login.



27. Design and develop attendance system using PHP and MySQL.
a. student must be able to register himself
b. Teacher should be able to take attendance online using check boxes, roll no and name



28. Design and develop online shopping system where farmers can sell their agriculture products online using PHP and MySQL make assumptions about how system should be.

\


29. Design and develop a PHP script to limit the maximum number of concurrent sessions for a user to 3. Set session expiration time out to 5 minutes.





30. Design and develop Spring boot application where employee records could be added or employee list could be listed as JSON format. Use postman as a client.

